Pjtester docs update (#2947)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/pjtester/README.md

run_if_changed: "^(vpath/pjtester.yaml)"
```

`pjtester` expects to find the configuration of the ProwJobs to tests under `vpath/pjtester.yaml`.

By default, `pjtester` disables all reporting for the ProwJob. That means no Slack messages and no status report on Github. To check the test results, consult the [ProwStatus](https://status.build.kyma-project.io/) dashboard.

Details from `pjtester.yaml` and from the ProwJob environment variables are used to construct the specification of the ProwJob to test. `pjtester` uses the environment variables created by Prow for the presubmit job which identify the pull request and its commit hash in the `test-infra` repository. The generated ProwJob to test then uses the `test-infra` code from the pull request's head, ensuring that the latest code is under test.

> For presubmit jobs, prow require to have pull request head SHA, pull request number and pull request author set in prowjob refs. If you don't provide in pjtester.yaml file a pull request number for repo against which tested prowjob is running, `pjtester` will find pull request for master branch head and use this details for presubmit refs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For presubmit jobs, Prow requires the pull request's head SHA, pull request number, and pull request author set in the ProwJob refs. In the `pjtester.yaml file`, you must specify a pull request number for a repository against which a tested Prow job is running. If you don't specify one, `pjtester` will find a pull request for the `master` branch (`HEAD`) and use its details for the presubmit refs.
```

Reviewer: `pjtester` is the name of the tool and I don't think it should not be in code font, but I can see it is written this way all over the doc so I left it as it is.
